FONTLOG for the Cormorant font family

This file provides detailed information on the Cormorant Font Software.
This information should be distributed along with the Cormorant fonts
and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Cormorant is a Unicode display serif typeface encompassing the Adobe Latin
4 range of characters.  It is inspired by Claude Garamont's timeless 
designs.

This release contains six styles:
- Roman
- Italic
- Upright (an upright script version of the Italic)
- Infant (a version of the Roman with single-storey /a/g/y)
- SC (a small-caps version of the Roman)
- Unicase (a small-caps version of the Roman mixed with some lowercase 
  shape substitutions)

Each style comes in five weights:
- Light
- Regular
- Medium
- Semibold
- Bold
  
Documentation can be found at the Cormorant GitHub page:
https://github.com/CatharsisFonts/Cormorant

An illustrated presentation can be found at the Cormorant Behance page:
https://www.behance.net/gallery/28579883/Cormorant-an-open-source-display-font-family

To contribute to the project, contact Christian Thalmann (see below).



ChangeLog


2015-08-27: Release v0.2 (to be released)
The spin-off styles (Infant, Upright, SC, Unicase) are now separate font
families from the default ones (Roman, Italic).  This is to prevent 
Keynote and PowerPoint from reacting strangely to the presence of several
instances containing the string "Bold" within the same family.  IMPORTANT:
If you're upgrading from a previous version of Cormorant, please delete
your old Cormorant font files before installing the new ones.  Otherwise
you'll end up with both the old and the new files, and the confusion within
PowerPoint etc. will persist.  If you've used an older version of Cormorant
in a document, you will also likely have to pick the font anew, since the
font names changed.


2015-08-23: Release v0.1


2015-08-22: Redefined the UPM scale to make the type appear larger at a 
given point size, and to reduce the unnecessarily large line spacing.
WARNING: Documents and webpages built with older versions of the fonts 
may require some reformatting!


2015-08-17: Unified Roman, SC, Unicase, and Infant into a single Glyphs
source file.  All four styles are now exported from CormorantRoman.glyphs.
Run the "Cormorant Rename Glyphs Parameter.py" script to update the 
derivation laws prior to export.
(Christian Thalmann)


2015-08-15: Added metadata to the fonts, added this fontlog.
(Christian Thalmann)


2015-08-11: First release on GitHub.
(Christian Thalmann)



Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address
(if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Christian Thalmann (Catharsis Fonts)
E: christian.d.thalmann@gmail.com
W: http://www.myfonts.com/foundry/Catharsis_Fonts/
D: Creator of the Cormorant font family

